---
layout: post
category : lessons
tagline: "Jekyll intro"
tags : [intro, beginner, jekyll, tutorial]
---
{% include JB/setup %}



## About me 

I am a student of Information Systems at BITS Pilani, K.K Birla Goa Campus. Well I was! 
I am an early graduate and thus have a lot of free time now. For the last few months I have been here, in the picturesque city of Paris and leading an amazing life out here!

Every morning I get to go work in a project I wanted to be part of for the last 3 years of college! I used to visit the ILHAIRE site almost every week to know about the progress on this project.
And then finally after a long process I am now part of the ILHAIRE project. The best part is they pay me for doing something I love!!!

Firstly analysis of laughter itself is quite interesting and synthesizing it on virtual agents and the virtual agents laughing almost as naturally as humans is just fascinating! 
Though for most part of the project laughter phonemes have been used to synthesize laughter, I am currently exploring an altogether different approach to this problem.

A lot of research has been done on laughter and there seems to be a strong correlation of speech features with laughter. Here I am talking about the very low level speech features like pitch (F0), intensity,
rmsEnergy and so on.

Also it recently struck me that synthesis of laughter using breathing data can be a good approach.

###Why exactly breathing data?

Well firstly their seems to exist a very strong correlation of laughter with breathing!

And before I go into the details, let me explain clearly what the project goal is...
The project goal is to synthesize laughter and map it onto the virtual agent Greta as nicely as possible! Well nicely here means, that after the synthesis of laughter and mapping it onto GRETA (GRETA is the 
name of the virtual agent), when GRETA laughs it should be as natural as possible and as human-like as possible.

As you may think, or believe when you laugh your head, lips, eyebrows, torso and shoulders move!

And most of this information is ... ok bored.. will continue later.

I wish!

Well 

 [Other Jekyll websites](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/wiki/Sites).



